Split webhook validation (#10284)
solo-io/gloo: docs/content/reference/values.txt

|gateway.validation.disableTransformationValidation|bool|false|set this to true to disable transformation validation. This may bring significant performance benefits if using many transformations, at the cost of possibly incorrect transformations being sent to Envoy. When using this value make sure to pre-validate transformations.|
|gateway.validation.warnRouteShortCircuiting|bool|false|Write a warning to route resources if validation produced a route ordering warning (defaults to false). By setting to true, this means that Gloo Edge will start assigning warnings to resources that would result in route short-circuiting within a virtual host.|
|gateway.validation.secretName|string|gateway-validation-certs|Name of the Kubernetes Secret containing TLS certificates used by the validation webhook server. This secret will be created by the certGen Job if the certGen Job is enabled.|
|gateway.validation.failurePolicy|string|Ignore|failurePolicy defines how unrecognized errors for Gloo resources from the Gateway validation endpoint are handled - allowed values are 'Ignore' or 'Fail'. Defaults to Ignore |

> |gateway.validation.kubeCoreFailurePolicy|string|Ignore|kubeCoreFailurePolicy defines how unrecognized errors for core resources from the Gateway validation endpoint are handled - allowed values are 'Ignore' or 'Fail'. If this is set to 'Fail' modifications to core resources such as secrets and namespace that are defined in the validating webhook will be blocked if the Gloo Service is not available. Defaults to Ignore |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|gateway.validation.kubeCoreFailurePolicy|string|Ignore|Specify how to handle unrecognized errors for Kubernetes core resources that are returned by the Gateway validation endpoint. Currently the [validation webhook](https://github.com/solo-io/gloo/blob/main/install/helm/gloo/templates/5-gateway-validation-webhook-configuration.yaml) is configured to handle errors for Kubernetes secrets and namespaces. Supported values are 'Ignore' or 'Fail'. If you set this value to 'Fail', you cannot modify these core resources if the `gloo` service is unavailable. Defaults to `Ignore`. |
```
